>> Brian Holt: So let's hammer home
a little bit like, what is a reducer?
A reducer is a function that adheres
to just a particular contract, right?
So notice, we're just exporting
a default function here, right?
It's just a function.
The function takes an old state,
it takes in an action object and
it returns new state.
If you follow those things,
you are a reducer.
A reducer is also if you're comfortable
with functional programming,
it's a pure function,
it has no side effects.
So for example, if I had something
up here that says like, let x = 1.
And here I did x++ and return state + x,
I know that makes zero sense but
bear with me for a second.
This is no longer a reducer because
this is ambient state, right?
And if I call this function 10 billion
times, on the 10 billion and first time,
what's the answer gonna be?
>> Brian Holt: It's not gonna be the same,
right?
So when I say it's a pure function,
it means I can call it 10 billion
times with the same parameters and
get the same answer on the 10 billion and
first time, right.
So that's what a pure function
is on this particular case.
So all reducers must be
pure functions as well.
Now, what's great about being pure
functions if you're familiar with testing
patterns, they're super easy to test,
right?
Because I just have to give it some state,
some action, and
just make sure that, in fact, the test for
this would just look like test,
you don't have to copy this, but
just to show you what it looks like.
This will be test on the locationReducer.
And I would just have to say
expect(locationReducer) with
a state of Seattle, WA and
an action of type SET_LOCATION and
payload of San Francisco, CA.
>> Brian Holt: Let's make
sure we get this right,
toBe San Francisco, right?
That's it.
That'll be the whole test,
this entire thing.
I read this one liner test, and
I basically get to be assured
forever that this works exactly
the way that I want it to and
I'm prevented against having regressions.
Pretty cool, right?
So that's another reason that reducers and
read outs are cool because these
tests basically read themselves.
And actually, I'm gonna show you later,
they've literally write themselves.
We can actually have Redux
to generate tests for
itself which is amazing,
and I'll show you that.
Okay, so drop that, drop that,
so that's what a reducer is,
it has to be a pure function that
takes an old state, and an action, and
it returns some sort of state from that.
Either the old state if the action type
doesn't apply to it, or the payload or
whatever modifications you need to do,
right?
>> Brian Holt: Questions about reducers?
Does that make sense?
>> Brian Holt: So we're still only
halfway through this process.
Like we still got more steps to do.
I'll show you how
the reducers get called but
I need you to understand how
reducers fundamentally work.